I have kinda of an issue, complaint question. I don't know whatever you want to classify it as. The packaging appeared to be normal. My husband took off the top bar but underneath it was an empty folded up wrapper with remnants of ice cream. It looks like someone in the factory ate the bar and fluffed up the wrapper and put it back in to make it look like it was a full bar. It was an odd thing. Apollo bars are my guilty pleasure. I haven't gotten the carmel pretzel flavor for a while now but I figured I'd get a pack because I remember how much I loved them. When I took a bite out of the first one I was completely disappointed. The thick caramel layer between the shell and the ice cream WAS GONE! I immediately opened another one hoping to find that this was some kind of mistake... BUT NO. IT NO LONGER EXISITS! Oh my goodness whyyyyyyy.......? Please change the caramel pretzel Apollo back to the delicious caramel goodness it use to be... You can hardly even taste the caramel now with these lame little ribbons of it stuck in the ice cream. I bought an ice cream sandwich at cheveron tonight at the shell was very soggy. I looked for a experation on the package and couldnt find one I was pretty bummed because I like ice cream sandwiches. My hair drastically improved once I began using this product and has stayed the same softness and healthiness since then. After going in for a trim over 5 months late, my hairstylist was shocked at the health of my tips. It doesn't leave your hands or hair feeling weighted down, instead it feels "clean" while still moisturizing and healthy. I even use it on my face occasionally as a light moisturizer. I use this shampoo almost every day. I try to change it up a little with gel and a few others but this one is my favorite. I always try to use this one on those "special" days. Its gives my hair so much body and fullness and definitely helps with my seborrheic dermatitis. This product is so different from anything I've used previously. I have never used a conditioner first on my hair but why not? I only use one squirt as most conditioners make my hair feel oily. As for volume I haven't really noticed much of a difference except that my hair isn't weighted down after conditioning last. The scent of this isn't very strong but it leaves your hair smelling pretty good. I really like the packaging of this product, since it's easier to get onto my hands then the other bottles that tend to make a mess. I received this product for free in exchange for my review. All opinions on this product are my own. I wanted to try this brand because of the price. It really only works for a few hours then my hair feels so gross and dirty. I've tried the dove dry shampoo and some more expensive brands and it definitely makes a difference! I've been a hair paste user for a long time (feels like years) and now they decide to change their product. If you used their original paste, this one is a complete ripoff. It used to come in a plastic container, now it comes in a metal tin and you probably get about 1/3 of the paste that you would normally get. I will not be buying this product anymore. It's time to find something new. Where do I even start? I was really excited to use this product when I first got it in the mail. I ran into my room to open the postal box and even the packaging is nice. When I first tried it I was amazed at how well it worked, and even to this day I would choose this over any of the competitors' products. Even if you were to choose the others brands, your disappointment in them would lead you right back here. It's a great quality and for this unbelievable price, how could you go wrong? I guarantee you will be ecstatic with your choice of this product. I got this product free or discounted in exchange for my honest review! Thank you so much for making me so happy with this product!! You guys are the best!!! I received a full size trial of this product for free to give an honest, unbiased review. I received both products for step one and step 2-a reverse hair washing system, offering conditioner treatment first, than using the shampoo to wash. I tried the system as instructed, condition first then shampoo out. I have thin, flat hair with no volume unless it has been treated with hair processing, such as lightening or coloring. I recently had it lightened for summer, and while it is still thin it is that fluffy, processed hair that is now more syllable and holds onto products better, but leaves your hair a bit dry and thirsty. I was eager to try for extra conditioning, as it suggested. Step 1 felt amazing, and left my hair super soft. Step 2 was the shampoo and it washed out that silky feeling. While my hair was clean, it did not feel soft or conditioned. I was disappointed. However, I had a full size sample and not to go to waste, I did exactly the opposite, I shampooed and then conditioned. The conditioner is flat out amazing. The conditioner creates soft, silky, fluffy, manageable and gorgeous hair after this conditioner. You can run you hands through it and it feels like silk. Seriously just get the step one and use as conditioner. It did offer bounce, but the softness was a total game changer. This stuff is totally disgusting and there is a gritty taste. Horrible stuff. I got a double pack of your Chinese noodles and one of the tastemaker packets was empty. Why does my new pack of chicken stock only have 7 and not 8?? I found this in my Noodle soup... it's a piece of plastic in case you couldn't tell... Hey Aries You left the noodles out of my soup!! #sadlunchday #secondpacket #fakenoodlesarethebestpart. Putting empty packages of soup mix in boxes now? BUt that's none of my business!!!!!!!!! I think the production line is a little off. Aries my onion soup packaging was not sealed. No soup for me. Aries gave my old lady sodium poisoning from their shitty powdered chicken soup! Aries I opened TWO boxes of your product to find the envelopes not sealed and the soup mix a solid chunk. Something is amiss on your end. Aw man! My Aries onion soup mix only had one pouch in it #favoritedipmix Who should I contact about cup a soup that was missing the noodles? Hey Aries I find your lack of noodles in your cup of soup packets disturbing!!! Hi, yes, Aries your extra noodle soup has caused me a problem.
